♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] At long last, the
Straw Hat Pirates have reached
the waters of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
freezing and burning halves.
There, they soon discover
the twisted motives
behind the ruler of the island,
the mad scientist Caesar Clown.
Along with their pirate ally,
the Warlord Trafalgar Law,
the Straw Hats have
three objectives:
successfully kidnap Caesar,
save the children test subjects,
and find a way to
escape from Punk Hazard
before the lab
collapses on them!
[gasps] Wait a sec!
[LUFFY] "Running Wild!
Invincible General Franky!"
[FRANKY]
General Left!
[BOTH gasp]
[BUFFALO gasps]
[BABY 5 yelps]
[BUFFALO]
Mayday, Mayday!
[BABY 5]
You okay, Buffalo?
[BUFFALO]
Baby, what is that thing?
[BABY 5]
How am I supposed to know?
[BABY 5] Jerk didn't even
give us a warning shot!
[BABY 5]
Not again!
For a second there, I could
have sworn that thing was
some kind of Pacifista.
But when the hell
has Caesar ever been
interested in human weapons?
Get me in range!
[BUFFALO]
Coming right up!
Whatever it is,
he'll regret shooting at us!
If you wanted a fight,
well here it is!
[BABY 5] Guess we'll never
know what his story was now.
Such a tragedy.
Hurry, everybody,
get aboard the train!
[CHILDREN gasp]
[MARINE I]
There's room on the front car!
[MARINE J]
Watch your step!
[MARINE K]
Pick up the pace, kiddies!
[MARINE L]
We gotta hurry up!
[MARINE M] The building's
gonna collapse soon!
[ALL panting]
[GIRL D]
I can't climb up!
[MARINE N]
You can do it! Come on!
There's still no sign of
Chopper and Brook.
Yeah. Time's up.
It's too dangerous.
We can't wait here any longer!
Just to get everything
straight here,
where does this passage lead to?
Away from the laboratory,
and straight to a harbor
where we'll find
a tanker waiting for us.
[NAMI]
It's not safe to go outside!
The gas is covering the island!
[LAW] We have to risk exposure
in order to reach the transport.
It's our only option.
Or we can stay and
be buried in the rubble.
What about the children?
[GIRL A] Hey, you don't
need to worry about us!
We all want off
this island, okay?
We'll do anything
to get back home!
She's right!
Even if we have to hold our
breath all the way to the ship!
Yeah, whatever we got to do to
see our moms and dads again!
[SYND] We know the danger
and we're ready to face it!
[CHILDREN]
We just wanna go home!
You're right.
There's no turning back.
We move forward and
leave the rest to fate!
Listen up, kids!
I promise you all
whatever it takes.
We're shippin' outta Punk
Hazard and getting you home!
[CHILDREN]
Yeah!
[BUFFALO]
Coast is clear!
Let's grab double C
and vamoose outta here!
Yeah. Enough of all
the dilly dallying.
[BABY 5 gasps]
[FRANKY]
General A-okay!
I didn't even put a dent in him!
Who is this dude?
[FRANKY]
All right, my turn!
General...
...Shield!
That's too little and too late!
It's too little? Too late?
My ears deceive me.
You wouldn't dare accuse Franky
of incompetence, would ya?
Well, since you brought it up...
[FRANKY] Don't underestimate
General Franky,
the pervert robot!
[BOTH gasp]
[FRANKY]
General Shield! Uh...
Oh, take your time,
why don't you!
[FRANKY]
Let's see...
Maybe I can, uh, use it
like a projectile?
Uhh... Boomerang!
He threw his shield?
Talk about desperate!
Well then.
Looks like I'm just gonna
have to break out the big guns.
Sorry, pal.
As long as you're standing
between us and Caesar,
I'm afraid that
makes you our enemy.
[FRANKY]
Throwing down her weapons.
What, does that mean she's
givin' up the fight already?
Oh, the real fight is
just getting started.
Weapon-morphosis!
[FRANKY]
Well that was unexpected.
[BABY 5]
Espada Girl!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Buffalo! You ready?
En garde!
Round and round!
Round and round and round and
round and round and round
round, round, round,
round, round!
[FRANKY] Very interesting!
General Shield Boomerang!
[BABY 5]
Pathetic!
[BUFFALO]
We're gonna recycle you, punk!
[FRANKY] Impressive,
Fan Man and Weapon Girl!
Really, not bad at all!
You are just starving
for a fight. Huh?
[FRANKY] My only concern
is protecting the Sunny!
[FRANKY]
General Left!
[BABY 5 gasps]
What were you saying about
no more getting sidetracked?
Time for a more direct approach!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Call me Missile Girl!
Target is in sight!
Ready? Fire!
Launching!
Spin Projectile Cannon!
[BABY 5]
Caesar's coming with us!
[FRANKY] Wait, Caesar?
What're you even talking about?
General Left!
Whatta big finish!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Where the hell am I?
I can't even lift a finger.
This can't be how the
brilliant Caesar goes out!
Dammit! Why did those three
have to team up?
[thumping]
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN] The heart
of the leader of the G-5.
Vice Admiral Smoker.
What a wonderful
souvenir. Thanks.
With this, the fight is over.
[cackles]
Smoker! Your heart
is still in my hands.
And I'm not going to hell alone!
[cackles]
I can't watch you die in person,
but I see it in my
head oh so clearly.
Your eyes wide in terror,
spewing up blood,
the life slowly
extinguishing from you.
Fear spreading to everyone
nearby like a disease!
I can barely hold
the blade steady!
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
[alarm blaring]
Whoa, what's going on?
Why's the door closing?
Hey! What's that?
[MARINES]
Land of the Dead!
[MARINE O]
No shoving! One at a time!
The hell're you Straw Hats
standing around and waiting for?
[LAW]
We can't let Caesar escape!
Or the entire plan
will be for nothing!
All of you, get on now!
Sure, we will.
When we have everyone!
I'm waiting for my whole crew!
Mocha's not here either!
Some of our marines are
unaccounted for, too!
[BROOK screaming]
[USOPP] Run like your
life depends on it!
We're trying the
best we can, Usopp!
[MARINES] We're the ones
doing the running here!
[USOPP] You gotta move
faster than the gas!
Hurry! The gate is
starting to close!
Only fifty meters left!
Then you're home free!
[SUBORDINATE E] The building's
gonna collapse any minute!
Time to take my own advice!
Damn it, me!
I forgot about the
Sea Prism Stone handcuffs!
Shot in the dark here,
but do you know where I can
find any Sea Prism Stone?
[SUBORDINATE A]
Handcuffs? Like these?
You're kidding!
[SUBORDINATES]
No! We all have a pair!
[USOPP]
I just need one!
Don't ever let anyone tell you
it's wrong to ask for help!
[SUBORDINATE B]
We're coming with you!
Huh?
None of us can stand the
thought of dying down here.
Not after what that
bastard Caesar did to us!
We're going with you!
[USOPP]
Whatever floats your boat!
Chopper, Brook! Get to safety!
[CHOPPER]
The gate's gonna close!
[ALL panting]
[MARINE H]
We're dead! So dead!
[MARINE G]
We won't make it!
[BROOK] It's only over
when you give up!
And I've got no plans
for dying today!
[MARINE H]
But the gas is right behind us!
[MARINE G]
We're done for!
[BROOK gasps]
[CHOPPER gasps]
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
[LUFFY gasps]
They're here!
[CHOPPER]
Hey! Did you miss us?
[CHILDREN]
Mocha!
What a relief.
[USOPP]
Hey!
[BROOK laughs]
That was a close call!
The crew's all here!
Were you trying to
make us worry?
I knew you'd make it!
[CHOPPER]
It was all thanks to you, Usopp!
[MARINES] That's strange!
We didn't see him carrying you!
Enough with the
reunion! Let's go!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Well, guys, you heard 'im!
No reason to wait around, right?
All right, lackeys!
Follow me onto that train!
And they're gone.
[SUBORDINATES]
What're you waiting for?
How'd they move so fast?
All aboard! Time to
get outta here!
[ALL]
Yeah!
What about Kin'emon?
Is there anything
we can do for him?
What? That's Kin'emon?
We're just gonna have to
figure somethin' out later.
[MOMONOSUKE]
No! What did they do to you?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick!
[MONET panting]
[MONET]
Joker. Are you there?
It's me... Monet...
[DOFLAMINGO]
Monet?
I'm surprised you're alive.
Vergo's been defeated.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Caesar as well.
Though Baby 5 and Buffalo should
be able to recover him soon.
[MONET]
I see. That's good to hear.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I feel sorry for you all.
I misjudged the whole situation.
[DOFLAMINGO]
No more games.
I want them all wiped out
in one fell swoop.
[ALL screaming]
[LUFFY laughs]
Yee-hoo!
[DOFLAMINGO] Deep in the third
lab, you'll find the weapon
responsible for destroying
the first two laboratories,
as well as the rest of the
island exactly four years ago.
With the simple
push of a button,
Punk Hazard's population will be
reduced to a single person.
The only one who can survive
the Land of the Dead,
our dear friend, Caesar.
The location of the device--
You don't need to say
another word, Joker.
[MONET]
I was going to do it anyway.
[MONET] Actually, I'm next to
the switch right now.
[MONET] The explosion will sink
their only means of escape.
Just as long as you you're
okay with losing a tanker.
Very good.
Die for me, Monet.
And take everything with you.
[MONET]
Understood... Young Master.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
At the very least,
I'll get my revenge
on you, Smoker!
[DOFLAMINGO]
This is goodbye.
Sorry it had to end
like this, old friend.
Thank you...
for your years of service.
[MONET]
Farewell, Young Master.
[MONET] Though I won't
be around to see it,
I know you'll become...
[MONET]
...the King of the Pirates.
[NARRATOR]
After Monet sacrifices her life
for Doflamingo's sake,
Punk Hazard faces
utter annihilation,
and Luffy finds
himself enveloped by
a bright flash of light
as the Straw Hats continue
to race through the long tunnel.
Little do they know
that a shocking development
awaits just ahead!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Critical Situation!
Punk Hazard Explodes!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!